{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Nowadays AI is something new for people who don\'92t work in this area but is a concept developed for many years for some company that invest in the progress.\
I have to agree with the video because I think that we need a language to comunicate with AI, some specific words or commands to achieve the goal. AI use the fastest way to reach the objective we gave, but doesn\'92t care of the way or the methods, like Machiavelli says. I also think that AI should be a tool and not a replacement,  if we use it just to simplify some tasks or to improve our society, like to learn something, it\'92s a game changer. If we think about it, human are very very smart, we found some ways to earn money from the AI, making some e-jobs (like copywriting or create a logo) in just fews months, I don\'92t know what can happen if the most powerful economics in the world, use AI to manipulate something. \
In the video, they says that probably around 2045 we maybe reach a Strong AI, but in my opinion, we can reach that level very very soon. In less than a year we public on the net one of the most powerful AI and suddenly block it in some Nation like Italy. It\'92s clear that something is going on much faster than we thought. What if some AI can improve themselves? What if an AI can create another AI that can do what the first one can\'92t? Those are scary question but also something that can happen.}